Fixing broken link in v21.2.0 release notes and rewording as the webinar has now passed (#12549)
cockroachdb/docs: v1.0/transactions.md

- The CockroachDB `SERIALIZABLE` level is stronger than the ANSI SQL `REPEATABLE READ` level and equivalent to the ANSI SQL `SERIALIZABLE` level.
- The CockroachDB `SNAPSHOT` level is stronger than the ANSI SQL `READ UNCOMMITTED` and `READ COMMITTED` levels.

> For more information about the relationship between these levels, see [this paper](https://arxiv.org/ftp/cs/papers/0701/0701157.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the relationship between these levels, see [A Critique of ANSI SQL Isolation Levels](https://arxiv.org/ftp/cs/papers/0701/0701157.pdf).
```

Reviewer: For accessibility you should use the target title as the link text. See the accessibility section in https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/wiki/Style-Guide#inclusive-language.
